Hello and welcome.
My name is Zahed.
I'm an ethical hacker a computer scientist and I'll be your instructor and this course
this course is going to be highly practical.
What it won't neglect the theory.
So we'll start by covering some terminology then I'm going to show you how to install the needed software
in order to write quite some programs and practice hotcake safely.
Throughout the course we're going to learn by example so we'll never have any boring playing program
in lectures.
We will always be building something exciting and I'm going to teach you programming as we build these
exciting programs.
The first program we'll write is a mock changer.
This is a very simple program that can be used to change the MAC address.
Don't worry if you don't know what a MAC address is or why you'd want to change it.
We will cover all of that later on.
Basically the whole point of writing this program is to introduce you to Python basics such as writing
functions variables handling user input projects and so on.
And here you'll learn how to properly model a problem write an algorithm to solve this problem and then
write Python code to implement this solution.
Once we have the basics covered we're going to start writing a little bit more complex programs.
So we'll start with a network scanner which is a program that can discover all clients connected to
the same network and display their IP address and MAC address in here.
I'm going to introduce you to skippy.
And I'm going to teach you how to send and receive our responses and analyze them.
I will also introduce you to dictionaries and lists and will see how to use them and all the operations
that we can invoke on them.
Next we'll dive deeper into networking.
We're going to learn what AARP is what it's used for.
What is AARP proofing and how to write a Python program to run an AARP spoofing attack as we do this.
You'll learn more about K.P. analyzing network layers handling exceptions loops and more that were going
to die even deeper and networking.
So you're going to learn how to sniff data sent or received by any computer connected to the same network
as us.
This means we'll be able to see visited websites logon information passwords and pretty much everything
they do on the internet.
You'll also learn how to analyze data sent in the different layers in each packet and how to modify
the data.
So we will be able to inject code and hasty DML pages loaded by any computer on the same network we'll
be able to replace downloads and even spoof DNS requests to any destination we want.
We'll learn all of this by writing a sniffer a dn a spoof or a code injector on a file interceptor Once
done with all of this will move to a really exciting section where you'll learn how to write malware.
We'll start with writing simple evil programs so programs that can download a file execute code sent
a report by e-mail and then I'm going to show you how to combine all of these programs to suit different
scenarios and execute powerful attacks that we're going to advance into writing more complex malware
and we'll start by writing a back door a back door is a program that gives you full control over the
system that it gets executed on.
We're going to implement this using sockets and you're going to learn how to establish a connection
between two devices and transfer data between them.
This is very useful because it can be used in so many other scenarios other than hacking.
So you can use it to create a web server a chat program and so on then we're going to build more cool
features in this backdoor so that we can use it to execute system commands remotely on the target computer
download and upload files and maintain our access even if the system restarts then we will implement
a key logger which is a program that registers every keystroke entered on the keyboard and send us a
report by e-mail as we do this.
I'm going to teach you about recursive functions threading and object oriented programming.
And the last part of the section I'm going to show you how to package all of the programs that we've
built so far so that they can run on any operating system on Windows OS X and Linux.
Not only that but I'm also going to show you how to convert these programs into Trojans.
So they look and function just like any other file type like an image or a PTF finally will move to
the Web site hacking section where you learn how websites work and how to communicate with Web sites
using Python.
And then we'll build a number of information gathering programs that can be used to discover files directories
and subdomains that were going to write a program that can be used to get the logging information of
any log in page as we do this.
You're going to learn how to read the Hastey code of any web page analyze it and extract the useful
parts from it.
Finally we're going to build a generic vulnerability scanner.
This is a program that takes a website as an input and scans the whole website for weaknesses and vulnerabilities.
Once done it's going to show us a report of all the discoveries and we're going to write this program
in a way so that it can discover any type of vulnerability as we write this.
We're going to learn more about object oriented programming on how to structure your program in a way
so that it can be easily extended.